[DOCS] Reformats cluster node stats API (#45441)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cluster/nodes-stats.asciidoc

[[cluster-nodes-stats]]
=== Nodes Stats

Returns cluster nodes statistics.

[[cluster-nodes-stats-api-request]]
==== {api-request-title}

`GET /_nodes/stats` +

`GET /_nodes/{node_id}/stats` +

`GET/_nodes/stats/{metric}` +

`GET/_nodes/{node_id}/stats/{metric}` +

`GET /_nodes/stats/{metric}/{index_metric}` +

`GET /_nodes/{node_id}/stats/{metric}/{index_metric}`

[[cluster-nodes-stats-api-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

> The cluster nodes stats API allows to retrieve one or more (or all) of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the cluster nodes stats API to retrieve statistics for nodes in a cluster.

```

> cluster nodes statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

+
--
  `adaptive_selection`::
      Statistics about <<search-adaptive-replica,adaptive replica selection>>.
      
  `breaker`::
      Statistics about the field data circuit breaker.
      
  `discovery`::
      Statistics about the discovery.
          
  `fs`::
      File system information, data path, free disk space, read/write
      stats.
          
  `http`::
      HTTP connection information.
  
  `indices`::
      Indices stats about size, document count, indexing and deletion times, 
      search times, field cache size, merges and flushes.
      
  `ingest`::
      Statistics about ingest preprocessing.
  
  `jvm`::
      JVM stats, memory pool information, garbage collection, buffer
      pools, number of loaded/unloaded classes.

  `os`::
      Operating system stats, load average, mem, swap.

  `process`::
      Process statistics, memory consumption, cpu usage, open
      file descriptors.

  `thread_pool`::
      Statistics about each thread pool, including current size, queue and 
      rejected tasks.

  `transport`::
      Transport statistics about sent and received bytes in cluster 
      communication.
--

> `index_metric`::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{index_metric}`::
```
